he shame about to come forward
and Japan's vblast
walked up into the gate as a rack Laura
I thought had a very strong chance but
as I've said all through the carnival
and very much been fruit out of season
so for me to be right crystal Simeon has
to ride ride a treble let's see
so rube Chester is a rack
hisham Buddha KF walks up into the gate
with a KF is in onto your list is the
next to come up and open CRO do V in
Long Island Sound have all broken out
under the saddle those V walks up into
the case for tiara winner of the ballon
gene walks in Long Island Sound goes
into the outside it looks to be it ready
gates the back they're racing in the
dividers the starter caught them to a
great line dovey out wide the first are
splitted but he won't stay in front very
special opal tiara rip Chester going
forward Boadicea even to the rack and on
far off the place as a charge of the
first Bend then do be followed by
decorated night on the inside of Mondial
ich hicham goes up onto the rila link
the way Long Island Sound on the outside
and feedlots
two and a half to dead collector and
cougar mountainous had dropped out to be
last of all I linked off the second last
horses rip Chester hold the rail going
past the 1200 meters mark and rip
Chester shows the way by and neck
leaving a quarter behind in 26.3 rip
Chester joined on the outside by very
special who goes looking for the front
Boadicea is third two legs off the fight
the rack is fourth on the rail a length
the way then is do beyond the unsilent
opal tiara in the middle teaching on the
fence 3/4 of a length bond dearly
decorated snakes off the rail followed
by Long Island Sound big plus debt
collector second last and googa mountain
against the plastic last of all the mare
Salinas there on the moon for home five
hundred and fifty meters out very
special showed the way rib Chester came
off the fence Buddha gave his pre deep
direct two legs off the pipe behind them
low beam the outside he Jim is wending
he way thru rif desert hit the front
medicham going after him
the rack back to the indictment he gives
the one he ship with 200 meters left to
go break up the RIP gender his big long
for Japan
moving down the outside headlock
finishing with a withering ramen pan
binlong
as was the divider from him Jim and rip
gesture direct for Buddha KF is rough
bits of them decorated night does the
oogah mounted Mondial s very special
further back there was debt collector
followed by long island south and opal
tiara has coming along and mr. class as
Japan again captures the divider